MARIA: WELCOME BACK, BIG SHOW
AHEAD.
CONVERSATION THIS MORNING, CFRA
STRATEGISTS LINDSEY BELL,
AMERICAN B ENTERPRISE PRESIDENT,
ARTHUR BROOKS IS HERE, ARTHUR,
GREAT TO HAVE YOU HERE.
>> THANK YOU.
MARIA: NEW BOOK, LOVE YOUR
ENEMIES, HOW DECENT PEOPLE CAN
SAVE AMERICA FROM THE CULTURE OF
CONTEMPT.
PERFECT TIMING TO WRITE SUCH A
BOOK WITH ALL OF THE POLARIZING.
>> FOR SURE, OVER THE LAST
COUPLE OF YEARS I HAVE SEEN
FREIGHT TRAIN, ONE AND SIX
AMERICANS STOPPED TALKING TO
FAMILY MEMBER OR CLOSE FRIEND
BECAUSE OF POLITICS SINCE 2016
ELECTION, WONDERFUL STUFF THAT
SHOWS THAT WE ARE MORE POLARIZED
THAN ISRAELI AND PALESTINIANS,
THAT'S HOW MUCH WE DON'T
UNDERSTAND EACH OTHER, I WROTE A
BOOK ON HOW WE CAN BE MORE PER
-- PERSUASIVE AND GUIDEBOOK TO
DO THAT.
>> IT'S ABOUT TRUMP DERANGEMENT
SYNDROME?
>> 93% OF US DON'T WANT TO HATE
OUR NEIGHBORS, SO WE ACTUALLY
CAN DISAGREE, WE SHOULD
DISAGREE, BUT WE CAN DO SO AND
BE HAPPIER AND WIN MORE
ARGUMENTS IF WE DO IT RIGHT.
DAGEN: STAY OFF SOCIAL MEDIA.
>> FOR SURE.
DAGEN: EVEN OVER THE WEEKEND
IT'S THE LANGUAGE THAT PEOPLE
USE FOR ATTENTION, I WAS LOOKING
AT ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ
LITTLE SPEECH AT SOUTH BY
SOUTHWEST AND SHE WAS TALKING
ABOUT AUTOMATION AND THE USE OF
THE RISE OF ROBOTS IN THE
WORKPLACE AND SHE SAID, WE
SHOULD NOT BE HAUNTED BY THE
SPECTER OF BEING AUTOMATED OUT
OF WORK AND WE SHOULD BE EXCITED
BY IT AND THE REASON WE ARE NOT
EXCITED BECAUSE WE LIVE IN
SOCIETY IF YOU DON'T HAVE A JOB
YOU ARE LEFT TO DIE, THAT'S AT
ITS CORE, IT'S THAT KIND OF
LANGUAGE THAT PEOPLE SAY THINGS
FOR ATTENTION AND LET THEM GET
AWAY WITH IT AND I JUST QUOTE IT
AND PART OF THE PROBLEM.
>> A LOT OF PEOPLE IN SOCIAL
MEDIA, ANONYMOUS, THEY SAY
THINGS THAT THEY WOULDN'T EVER
SAY IN PERSON AND JUST IN
GENERAL YOU'RE NOT A HUMAN WHEN
YOU'RE NOT IN PERSON LOOKING
INTO SOMEBODY ELSE'S EYES, WE
DON'T SEE ANOTHER PERSON THAT
HAS DIFFERENT POINT OF VIEW, I
DO RECOMMEND TO TAKE A LOT MORE
TIME OFF SOCIAL MEDIA, I
RECOMMEND THAT PEOPLE WHEN ON
SOCIAL MEDIA TAKE RESPONSIBILITY
FOR WHAT THEY SAY, MUTE 7%S OF
AMERICANS THAT ARE TRYING TO
FIRING US UP THAT MAKE US ANGRY